Add PAT permission info to IDE docs (#1988)
astronomer/docs: astro/cloud-ide/deploy-project.md

### Prerequisites 

- A Cloud IDE project. See the [Quickstart](/cloud-ide/quickstart.md).

> - A GitHub account with a personal access token that includes the following permissions:

Reviewer: Not yet - need to do some more testing to figure out what works and what doesn't. Fine-grained are still pretty new so we haven't played w them much

> - A GitHub account with a personal access token that includes the following permissions:

Reviewer 2: Is this wrong now because GitLab?

> - A GitHub account with a personal access token that includes the following permissions:

Author: When did we add GitLab support?

    - `repo`: Required for reading and writing to your GitHub repository.

>     - `workflow`: Required for creating the GitHub action in your repository. This permission is optional for GitHub repositories that already have a Cloud IDE GitHub action.

Author: @jlaneve What's the default name of the action file again? We don't have it in docs currently and I want to socialize the name more, especially if it can't be changed.

Reviewer: It's `.github/workflows/astro_deploy.yaml`. Check out https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cloud-ide-demo-field-engineering/blob/main/.github/workflows/astro_deploy.yaml for an example

## Deploy a project from GitHub to Astro

On the first GitHub commit of your project, the Astro Cloud IDE automatically pushes a Github action named `astro_deploy.yaml` to your repository that includes steps for deploying to Astro. You can then configure your GitHub repository to push your Astro Cloud IDE project to a Deployment when you commit to specific branches. 

> You can commit changes from the Astro Cloud IDE to your GitHub repository without configuring a destination Deployment in GitHub. However, if you don't configure any destination Deployments, `astro_deploy.yaml` fails and you can't deploy your changes to Astro.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can commit changes from the Astro Cloud IDE to your GitHub repository without configuring a destination Deployment in GitHub. However, if you don't configure any destination Deployment, `astro_deploy.yaml` fails and your changes aren't deployed to Astro.
```

Author: It should be Deployments plural, as there's both a dev and prod Deployment in the default action.

:::caution

> When the `astro_deploy.yaml` first runs, it automatically enables DAG-only deploys on your Deployment. DAG-only deploying is a feature that changes how DAGs and configurations are pushed to a Deployment. See [Deploy DAGs only](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the `astro_deploy.yaml` first runs, it automatically enables DAG-only deploys on your Deployment. DAG-only deploys is a feature that allows you to deploy your DAGs directory independently of the rest of your Astro project, which in most cases results in faster deploys. See [Deploy DAGs only](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only).
```
